Refactor issue_key function to sort issues in a human-friendly way (#608)
twisted/towncrier: src/towncrier/newsfragments/608.feature.rst

> Issues are now correctly sorted by issue number even if they have non-digit characters.

Reviewer: What does "correct" means ?

Maybe something like this

```suggestion
For news fragments that have multiple associted issues, issues are now sorted ascending by issue number even if they have non-digit characters.
```

Author: I've clarified it now. This doesn't only affect fragments with multiple associated issues -- it also affects overall sorting of fragments.

> Issues are now sorted by issue number even if they have non-digit characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
News fragments are now sorted by ticket number even if they have non-digit characters.
```

Maybe we should update the [Philosophy](https://towncrier.readthedocs.io/en/latest/#philosophy) paragram in the documentation to also introduce the "issue number"

In the past we had Trac `tickets`, now we have GitHub `issues` ... and I think some people have Jira `tickets`

I see that in [towncrier create](https://towncrier.readthedocs.io/en/latest/cli.html#towncrier-create) doc we have 

> To create a news fragment not tied to a specific issue

----------

But in [the tutorial](https://towncrier.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tutorial.html#creating-news-fragments) I see 

> misc: A ticket has been closed, but it is not of interest to users.

> When you create a news fragment, the filename consists of the ticket ID (or some other unique identifier) as well as the ‘type’. 

> For orphan news fragments (those that don’t need to be linked to any ticket ID or other identifier), 

---------------

I think that it's important to have consistent terminology.

For the purpose of being generic, I would prefer to use the term `ticket`

For example::

    - some issue (gh-3, gh-10)
    - another issue (gh-4)
    - yet another issue (gh-11)

> The sorting algorithm groups the issues first by non-text characters and then by number.

Author: An interesting aside: without some text after the pre-formatted block, it breaks the rendering of the issue number towncrier adds when building because it's considered part of the block.

Reviewer: We might want to create a GitHub issue for this with the input, actual result vs expected result

Author: Done.
